what's up everybody its chibi and today
I'm here to bring you a manga chapter
view or two manga chapter views of log
II so I'm gonna briefly talk about the
first chapter and get into the second
chapter so the format of this video is
going to be talking about the first
chapter that came out and then the
second chapter last in the later half of
the video so the first chapter of moggy
that just was translated today about
maybe five six hours go away just around
in there anyways the chapter of moggy is
out so if you do not know go read it
right now because they're pretty good
chapters they they're really you set up
for the upcoming war on what is going on
in this series so first chapter that
came out today from what we get it's
kind of like both armies are comparing
their size like you know we get to see
the eastern army and in the western army
we get to see each army what type of
size they have who's leading the command
and that's kind of what the first
chapter was of today that came out the
main importance you want to pull from
this chapter is like this is to end all
wars like this is the final battle that
that's what this really was trying to
emphasize in this chapter like the first
chapter he got today because hikaru is
going to the frontlines what we found
out like he gave up a tactical advantage
that normally in an original war you
would normally want especially in a real
war like with a canyon and hawker do
gave that up and he charged straight off
into the middle of the desert plains to
fight the western army so what this
really goes to show is a multiple of
different factors for one thing as we
know war has been forever changed in
this series because with introduction of
metal vessels and you know moggies and
different things like that in dungeon
beasts it's really changed the way
battles are done because usually if
there was like a river that could be
used as an advantage now it really
doesn't help as much because someone
could have a teleportation metal vessel
or magic weapon to be able to tell a
teleport across the river and then it
could also be the same done for like it
may be a metal vessel that can
manipulate the elements like you know
volcano water things like
that so war has been forever changed
that's what it's trying to show and try
to showcase that everything is being
decided here and there's no real reason
to try to stick to original war tactics
that was done in the past that is what
the generals were discussing when they
saw Hocker do charging into the
frontlines with this entire army just
meeting them out in the open in the
middle of the desert and so there's a
lot of meaning in this battle because
the desert represents like how the Cote
Empire fought over this desert multiple
times from different countries to try to
make you know the World Peace and it's
kind of ironic how this desert where it
kind of all started will be where it
finishes and I love that little segment
of the first part of the chapter so yeah
like I said what he goes to show us is
Wars been forever changed and that
hockadoo is vastly outnumbered compared
to the western army like the western
army is ridiculous like it is
straight it ridiculous I think I don't
know the exact numbers I can't remember
the exact numbers on the top of my head
so I'm probably gonna be incorrect on
this but if I'm correct the Western army
has like 600 fouls under 500 fouls and
men somewhere on in there and Harker -
whose army has like only a hundred
thousand men nuts holy the
difference in size regardless of not
like even if it was like five hundred
fouls into six hundred fouls and even
with that incredible jump in numbers it
still doesn't make much
difference when you go to figure that
Harker news army is like only like 100k
that's insane straight up at st. so
numbers obviously are might not be the
deciding factor in this war which goes
to show in the second chapter that was
released today so talking about the
second chapter that was released but
come to find out that the people that
Hawker do has manipulated with Belial
and Zog him he has turned them into
monsters people that do not experience
fear he's increased their attitude or
their certain emotions to make it to
where they don't care about dying like
they don't experience fear they're just
charging in and dying that's pretty much
all they care about
and so he's manipulated the human body
door they've turned in
pretty much monsters that's kind of what
Hawker do has done and it's demonstrated
how these guys are just going into
having a ruthless assault against the
Western Army they're just sitting there
tearing them apart cut them up and all
that charge it in not giving a
about their cells as they charge in try
to kill as many as they can before they
fall so I ice it's very soon I sense
very soon that Hawk crew is probably
gonna start manipulating everybody on
the battlefront for instance you know
the people that is being cut down and
stuff for the army that's currently
opposing him I sense it very soon Hawker
who's gonna make his move to where he's
gonna start manipulating the people on
the other side and turning them as his
pawns or his army minions I sense that
very soon probably next chapter or a
couple chapters from now but that will
probably happen very very soon but the
main thing you want to get out of the
second chapter is Co Goku's change like
how she kind of went crazy in the latest
chapter like she she sold the brutality
of war she saw people getting cut down
just so many people dying it's
brutal and I mean war would do that to
someone if you saw so many people just
running up and dying costly just
dropping hitting the floor blood all
over the place and if you're not really
used to something like that
of course it would be very scoring so
the second chapter really goes to show
you the bonds between the brother and
sister but also it goes to show you that
war is cruel and there's going to be
some everlasting effects after this
battles especially to kokyoku after this
war I wonder how long this war is gonna
last though I'm really curious because I
know some Shonen Wars can last for like
80 chapters 200 chapters I just wonder
how long moggies going to go with its
you know war is gonna be 50 chapters ten
chapters two chapters you know thousand
chapters I mean I just I'm very curious
of how many chapters this is going to be
or how much this arc is gonna take place
but we'll have to see when we get there
overall enjoyed the two chapters very
fun tell me your thoughts in comments
below y'all wonderful they're not
wherever you live please save chibi outs